# Health-It-Forward
This is a 2 semester project undertaken by 5 Georgia Tech undergrads to create a forum for Parkinson's patients. 

  A challenge in fighting diseases is the lack of communication between various individuals that are affected by the illness. Patients miss out on new and improved treatments because of lack of awareness. Doctors' abilities to create new treatments and cures are inhibited. In order to improve the communication between patients, doctors and caregivers, Health It Forward proposes to bring them together in a forum-style website. 
  
This forum will be different from most other similar websites that are designed for social and informal purposes. This forum is a platform for users to discuss new and current treatments for Parkinson’s disease in a formal setting. Certain patient information will be private to conform with the guidelines set by HIPAA, which is a blanket law for electronic health records. Other health benefit websites do not offer forums for open discussion, nor do they have private messaging groups to discuss personal health history among patients. The main goal of Health It Forward is to congregate all the said groups to increase the visibility and the ease of access to discussions on health treatments, and bring together the aggregating outliers. 

There are individual cases where an unconventional or an experimental treatment works wonders for an individual suffering from a life-threatening illness. If it was possible to bring together, or in other words, aggregate this information to a centralized forum, it will be available to other patients and they will have more options in case the conventional medicine does not work for them. This is called aggregating outliers. 
